[Workflow] Add more documentation around purging (#4020)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-architecture.md

Similarly, if a state store imposes restrictions on the size of a batch transaction, that may limit the number of parallel actions that can be scheduled by a workflow.

> Workflow state can be purged from a state store, purging all its history. Purging removes all metadata related to a specific workflow instance.

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion for how to rephrase this.

```suggestion
Workflow state can be purged from a state store, including all its history. Each Dapr SDK exposes APIs for purging all metadata related to specific workflow instances.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good.
